📓Document --inspect for gulp (#28485)
ampproject/amphtml: contributing/TESTING.md

| `gulp e2e --watch`                                        | Watches for changes in test files, runs tests.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `gulp check-sourcemaps`                                   | Checks sourcemaps generated during minified compilation for correctness.                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> All of the commands above can be ran with node's `--inspect` flag if you would like the process to stop at `debugger` statements. For example, `gulp serve` becomes `node --inspect $(which gulp) serve`

Reviewer: **Grammar nit:** "can be ran with" -> "can be run with"

**Style nit:** Let's make it easy for users to copy-paste the command. Here's a suggested rewording of this entire paragraph:

````suggestion
**Pro tip:** All the above commands can be run in debug mode using `node --inspect`. This will make the Chrome debugger stop at `debugger;` statements, after which local state can be inspected using dev tools.

For example, in order to debug `gulp serve`, run the following command:

```sh
node --inspect $(which gulp) serve
```
````
